---
course_id: 3297
quiz_id: 31701
id: 210550
type: multiple_choice_question
sources:
- name: Getting Code with GitHub
  url: https://learning.flatironschool.com/courses/3297/pages/getting-code-with-github
---

# Question 10

Which one of the following actions creates a copy of a repository in the GitHub
account of the person performing the action?

## Correct

Forking a repository

> CORRECT!!&nbsp; Forking a repository creates a copy of the original repository
> in your account so you can make changes without affecting the original
> repository until you choose to submit a pull request which lets the owner know
> you have suggested changes that you think they should merge.

## Incorrect

Cloning a repository

> Not quite. Cloning a repository creates a working copy of one of your
> repositories so you can make changes and push them to the remote on GitHub.

## Incorrect

Creating a branch

> Not quite. Creating a branch allows anyone collaborating on the same repository
> to work on changes without affecting the main branch for the purpose of merging
> the changes later.

## Incorrect

Using pull to retrieve a repository

> Not quite. Using the `git pull` command pulls the current state from the remote
> on GitHub to ensure that your local copy is up to date.

## Incorrect

Merging a branch in a repository

> Not quite. Merging a branch. syncs the commits from a branch to the master
> branch.

## Incorrect

I don't know

> Be sure to review the source/s for this question. You'll get it next time!
